All 32 teams are randomised and then sorted into groups of four for the group stage. Each team in
each group ends up playing every other team in the group. For a win of each game, they get 3
points; for a draw they get one and for a loss they get 0. The two teams with the most points
in each group qualify for the knockout stage - wherein from the 16 qualifying teams the pairings
are randomised and teams are out of the tournament if they lose. If there is a draw - a 50/50
chance is set up for the team(s) to win a penalty shootout to get through to the next stage.
There are 4 knockout rounds - diminishing the 16 qualifying teams from the group stage to 1
eventual winner.

Each game is simulated individually. There are 90 iterations per game for every minute of a real
football game. At the start of each game possession is randomised with a 50/50 chance for each
team to get the first touch of the ball. From there, every iteration there is a low chance for
the possession team to take a shot at goal. The striker is randomly chosen from the teams
forwards (that are selected based on the manager's preferred formation and the best stats) - and
the random chance for the goal to be successful scales with that player's shot accuracy stat.

There is also a higher chance for the possession team to be challenged by the opposing team.
At which point a player on each team is selected at random. A random number scales alongside
the possession player's defensiveness and the challenger's aggression - if the challenger's
aggression score is greater than the defensiveness of the possession player then the tackle is
successful and possession passes to the challenger's team. However, if the aggression is too
high then there is a greater chance for the challenged player to get fouled. At this point, the
other team is offered a free kick and the challenged player's team regains possession.

The most common occurence in this simulation is a pass being made. At this point, a randomly
selected player on the other team has the chance to intercept the pass. If that player's chance
creation statistic is greater than the passing player's passing accuracy stat then the
interception is successful and possession of the ball passes to the interceptor's team. If not,
then the success of the pass hinges on the passing accuracy being high enough - otherwise the
pass misses. Furthermore, if the pass is accurate enough but the receiving player's positioning
statistic isn't high enough then that player will fumble the ball and their team will lose
possession. The same thing happens if the pass is missed.

Whatever team has the higher number of goals scored at the end of the game is the winner - and
the tournament follows the aforementioned structure.